Maintenance/511 requirement levels (#195)
ConsumerDataStandardsAustralia/standards-staging: slate/source/includes/security/endpoints/_register.md

| Base URI | DH Brand | ADR Brand | Description
|-----------|------|------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> |**PublicBaseUri**|	<i class="icon-check"></i> | | Base URI for the Consumer Data Standard public endpoints. This **SHOULD** encompass all endpoints not requiring authentication |
> |**ResourceBaseUri**|	<i class="icon-check"></i> | | Base URI for the Consumer Data Standard resource endpoints. This **SHOULD** encompass all CDS resource endpoints requiring authentication |

Reviewer: These are likely MUSTs as, if they weren't implemented things would break.

```suggestion
|**PublicBaseUri**|	<i class="icon-check"></i> | | Base URI for the Consumer Data Standard public endpoints. This **MUST** encompass all endpoints not requiring authentication |
|**ResourceBaseUri**|	<i class="icon-check"></i> | | Base URI for the Consumer Data Standard resource endpoints. This **MUST** encompass all CDS resource endpoints requiring authentication |
```

> |**InfoSecBaseUri**|	<i class="icon-check"></i> | | Base URI for the Consumer Data Standard InfoSec endpoints. This provides ADRs reference to the [OIDC Discovery Endpoint](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-discovery-1_0.html) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|**InfoSecBaseUri**|	<i class="icon-check"></i> | | Base URI for the Consumer Data Standard InfoSec endpoints. This **MUST** be present and match the `iss` exposed at the [OIDC Discovery Endpoint](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-discovery-1_0.html) |
```
